chore: clarify playground url in openfga server setup (#206)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/getting-started/setup-openfga.mdx

The Playground facilitates rapid development by allowing you to visualize and model your application's authorization model(s) and manage relationship tuples with a locally running OpenFGA instance.

> The Playground is enabled on port 3000 by default (if using the docker or docker-compose examples above, the url will be http://localhost:3000/playground). To disable the Playground, please take a look at [Configuring the Server](#configuring-the-server) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Playground is enabled on port 3000 by default and accessible at http://localhost:3000/playground (if using the docker make sure port 3000 is exposed to your local network). To disable the Playground, please take a look at [Configuring the Server](#configuring-the-server) for more information.
```

Reviewer: Updated the phrasing to make it clearer that this also applies to non-docker installation methods too.
